{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff2\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f56\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f59\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f60\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid11617618 Normal,Novel;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \styrsid8588763 Plain Text;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid135229\rsid141999\rsid273750\rsid542667\rsid549779\rsid1192158\rsid1202940\rsid1247292\rsid1579268\rsid1726740\rsid1790659
\rsid1798564\rsid1966315\rsid1994484\rsid2109823\rsid2127620\rsid2306836\rsid2367385\rsid2371831\rsid2455584\rsid2688429\rsid2774052\rsid2782089\rsid3152527\rsid3213093\rsid4015379\rsid4136671\rsid4159303\rsid4208046\rsid4327766\rsid4349095\rsid4471342
\rsid4874874\rsid5000279\rsid5002009\rsid5048752\rsid5073841\rsid5585585\rsid5727375\rsid5768968\rsid6036461\rsid6116487\rsid6234893\rsid6426989\rsid6511342\rsid6642826\rsid6647471\rsid6689701\rsid6693428\rsid7097550\rsid7212419\rsid7485455\rsid7799147
\rsid8269964\rsid8331094\rsid8471271\rsid8550744\rsid8551708\rsid8588763\rsid8798920\rsid8814367\rsid8862942\rsid8870466\rsid9061567\rsid9062631\rsid9206839\rsid9324406\rsid9395900\rsid9444432\rsid9728680\rsid9852816\rsid9909632\rsid10176395\rsid10183318
\rsid10507584\rsid10552703\rsid10577744\rsid10618782\rsid10646979\rsid10683254\rsid10751752\rsid10822639\rsid10842813\rsid11093556\rsid11095528\rsid11293400\rsid11617618\rsid11627727\rsid11804595\rsid11935191\rsid11939495\rsid12125856\rsid12192923
\rsid12198220\rsid12207859\rsid12259113\rsid12353323\rsid12391184\rsid12412327\rsid12466344\rsid12531481\rsid12549016\rsid12651269\rsid12787627\rsid12872221\rsid12916848\rsid12985723\rsid13061002\rsid13065324\rsid13191939\rsid13264512\rsid13324639
\rsid13399671\rsid13452083\rsid13713261\rsid13722915\rsid13795074\rsid13835557\rsid13985022\rsid14384028\rsid14419709\rsid14446183\rsid14492185\rsid14566063\rsid14746306\rsid14778229\rsid14819990\rsid14829546\rsid15233807\rsid15297729\rsid15364110
\rsid15410779\rsid15419969\rsid15496541\rsid15537642\rsid15555210\rsid15671483\rsid15674821\rsid16087804\rsid16195645\rsid16275899\rsid16323512\rsid16416676\rsid16597962\rsid16653495\rsid16712970\rsid16713483}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6754;}{\info
{\title autolog v1}{\author Jason}{\operator Jason}{\creatim\yr2007\mo8\dy17\hr21\min5}{\revtim\yr2007\mo9\dy3\hr22\min6}{\version4}{\edmins4}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords800}{\nofchars4562}{\nofcharsws5352}{\vern16391}}\margl1319\margr1319 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1319\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot1726740 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid8588763\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 \f2\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\i\fs32\insrsid6036461 A}{\b\i\fs32\insrsid6511342\charrsid8331094 utolog v1.1
\par }{\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 by eotinb
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 {\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 
\par A mod to facilitate note taking, with succession games in mind.
\par 
\par CHANGES IN VERSION 1.1:
\par 
\par New events logged:
\par Cities acquired and lost through combat and trade
\par First contact with another civ
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 {\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 More information added to events logged in previous versions:
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 {\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 Combat notes now display the after-combat strength of the victor.
\par Log now notes when another civ founds a religi
on (previously just when you founded a religion) and when a religion spreads and either of the following is true: 1. you control the Holy City, or 2. you control the city to which the religion spreads (previously only the second was true).
\par 
\par New features:
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 {\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 A
nnoying autosave quirk eliminated. If you don't know what this means, don't worry about it -- just be glad that you didn't have to deal with it.
\par Alt+E messages are now displayed in both the text file and the in-game log.
\par You can now see changes to the log file while the game is running (although you cannot edit it until the game is shut down or you make a new log file active).
\par You can now pick the name of the text log on starting a new game or loading a game, or use the default file name of autolog.txt.
\par There is now an option to have your log notes color-coded for forum posts. See autolog.py's "color" variable.
\par Alt+E entries are now preceded with a notification that they are custom user entries. The lead-in message can be changed in autolog.py's "prefixTag" variable.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 {\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 
\par Removed features:
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 {\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 
All additions to the in-game event log have been removed. I will soon be coming out with another mod which will replace some of these functions and add more (my notifications mod). Also, Ctrl+E has been disabled.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 {\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 
\par INSTRUCTIONS:
\par 
\par Unzip file to My Documents\\My Games\\Sid Meier's Civilization 4\\CustomAssets\\python\\ (or equivalent)
\par !!!DO NOT OVERWRITE FILES IN GAME DIRECTORY!!! (i.e. C:\\Program Files\\Firaxis Games\\Sid Meier's Civilization 4\\Assets\\Python)
\par The three following files will be added:
\par CvEventManager.py
\par CvUtil.py
\par autolog.py
\par 
\par In order to facilitate combining with other mods that also change CvEventManager.py and/or CvUtil.py, the additions (and two minor changes to the original code) have been noted in these files. Feel free to cut and paste to combine.
\par 
\par SETTINGS:
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 {\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 
You can select the default file name for the external text file in autolog.py. Check the directory where you want the file to go. THE DEFAULT DIRECTORY MAY NOT WORK ON YOUR COMPUTER, so c
heck it. Just open autolog.py with any text editor and look for "path = ..." and make sure whatever follows the equal sign is a valid directory. Most problems with this mod have been path problems, so check a couple of things: 1. folders in directory stru
cture are separated with a double backslash, and 2. the last folder in the tree does not end with a backslash. Example: "C:\\\\games\\\\civ4" would be correct while "C:\\games\\civ4\\" would not.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 {\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 {\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 If you do not change the file name or rename the previous log, a ne
w log will append to an existing log with the same name. This is so you won't accidentally overwrite your old log(s).
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 {\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 {\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 
You can select what type of tags (<HTML>, [forum], none) for simple pre-formatting in the "style" variable in autolog.py. Also, you can c
hange whether or not forum-style notes are color-coded in the "color" variable in autolog.py. Changing which events get which color or which colors are used is also possible but is not easy -- you have to be willing to dig into the code. If you want to do
 this and need some guidance from me, feel free to ask in the CFC thread for this mod.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 {\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 
\par FEATURES:
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 {\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 
Alt+E: Custom text log entry (also appears on the screen and in the in-game event log). Alt+E entries are preceded with a notification that they are custom user entries. The lead-in message can be changed in autolog.py's "prefixTag" variable.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8331094 {\insrsid6511342\charrsid8588763 
\par Events logged in text file:
\par City founded, city growth, city border expansion, city acquired/lost, city razed, tech learned/started, unit started/built, building started/b
uilt, combat results, Golden Age start/end, Great Person birth, tribal village results, promotions, and religion founding/spread.
\par 
\par All of the text file entries can be turned on or off individually via settings in autolog.py. Also, more detail on each type of event can be found in the same place.
\par 
\par QUIRKS:
\par 
\par The type of result you get from a tribal is handled in the game as an integer. I have figured out some of them through trial and error, but some results are pretty rare and in any case I don't have all of 
them yet. Right now, if the result is something I don't know the code for, I just report the integer, so you might see "Tribal village result: 4." If documenting goody hut results is important to you, I recommend using a custom log entry (Alt+E) for now. 
Please pass along any additional codes you figure out (or any corrections to the ones I already have) and I'll make the changes.
\par 
\par UPCOMING:
\par 
\par Ability to alter what is logged in-game (rather than through editing autolog.py).
\par Ability to export the actual in-game event log (maybe).
\par Some co-ordination with screenshots.
\par 
\par CREDITS:
\par 
\par Puppeteer at CFC had the original idea that led to this mod.
\par HawaiiFive-O, Calanor, and a few others at Apolyton worked out how to use CyInterface.addMessage().
\par TheDarkside at Apolyton lent moral support.
\par CivGeek and Tubby Rower at CFC had some great ideas which led to the custom user comment prefix and the color-coding.
\par }}