{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f56\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f59\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f60\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid11617618 Normal,Novel;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \styrsid15611205 Plain Text;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid135229\rsid141999\rsid273750\rsid542667\rsid549779\rsid1192158\rsid1202940\rsid1247292\rsid1579268\rsid1726740\rsid1790659
\rsid1798564\rsid1966315\rsid1994484\rsid2109823\rsid2127620\rsid2306836\rsid2367385\rsid2371831\rsid2455584\rsid2688429\rsid2774052\rsid2782089\rsid3152527\rsid3213093\rsid4015379\rsid4136671\rsid4159303\rsid4208046\rsid4327766\rsid4349095\rsid4471342
\rsid4874874\rsid5000279\rsid5002009\rsid5048752\rsid5073841\rsid5581081\rsid5585585\rsid5727375\rsid5768968\rsid6116487\rsid6234893\rsid6426989\rsid6642826\rsid6647471\rsid6689701\rsid6693428\rsid7097550\rsid7212419\rsid7485455\rsid7799147\rsid8269964
\rsid8471271\rsid8550744\rsid8551708\rsid8798920\rsid8814367\rsid8862942\rsid8870466\rsid9061567\rsid9062631\rsid9206839\rsid9324406\rsid9395900\rsid9444432\rsid9728680\rsid9852816\rsid9909632\rsid10176395\rsid10183318\rsid10507584\rsid10552703
\rsid10577744\rsid10618782\rsid10646979\rsid10683254\rsid10751752\rsid10822639\rsid10842813\rsid11093556\rsid11095528\rsid11293400\rsid11617618\rsid11627727\rsid11804595\rsid11935191\rsid11939495\rsid12125856\rsid12192923\rsid12198220\rsid12207859
\rsid12259113\rsid12353323\rsid12391184\rsid12412327\rsid12466344\rsid12531481\rsid12549016\rsid12651269\rsid12787627\rsid12872221\rsid12916848\rsid12985723\rsid13061002\rsid13065324\rsid13191939\rsid13264512\rsid13324639\rsid13399671\rsid13452083
\rsid13713261\rsid13722915\rsid13795074\rsid13835557\rsid13985022\rsid14384028\rsid14419709\rsid14446183\rsid14492185\rsid14566063\rsid14746306\rsid14778229\rsid14819990\rsid14829546\rsid15233807\rsid15297729\rsid15364110\rsid15410779\rsid15419969
\rsid15496541\rsid15537642\rsid15555210\rsid15611205\rsid15671483\rsid15674821\rsid16087804\rsid16195645\rsid16275899\rsid16323512\rsid16416676\rsid16597962\rsid16653495\rsid16712970\rsid16713483}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6754;}{\info
{\title Sevopedia ver 2}{\author Jason}{\operator Jason}{\creatim\yr2007\mo8\dy17\hr19\min48}{\revtim\yr2007\mo8\dy17\hr19\min48}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords996}{\nofchars5682}{\nofcharsws6665}{\vern16391}}\margl1319\margr1319 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1319\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot1726740 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid15611205\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15611205 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid5581081\charrsid15611205 Sevopedia ver 2.2a
\par     - Compatible with Warlords version 2.08
\par 
\par This file was originally authored by: Sevo
\par     sevotastic.blogger.com
\par     sevotastic@yahoo.com
\par Edited by Gaurav 1/27/07.
\par 
\par Unit Upgrade Chart by: Vovan
\par     vovansim@hotmail.com
\par 
\par Unit Promotion Chart by: Progor
\par 
\par Civilopedia Index by: Fitchn
\par 
\par \tab 
\par 
\par 
\par About SevoPedia
\par ---------------------
\par 
\par Greetings.  I love cIV, but we all know that they dropped the ball with the civilopedia.  It's impossible to navigate easily and non-intuitive i
n design.  So this is an improvement.  Sevo's Civilopedia (or...Sevo-lo-pedia, or even Sevopedia, but I digress...)  This mod turns the civilopedia into a nicer, user-friendly, easy-to-navigate reference.
\par 
\par 
\par Features
\par ---------------------
\par * Menus moved to left, with main menu on far left, sub-menu next to it
\par * Main menu list reordered into groups with icons
\par * Sub Menu organized into an easy to read list.
\par * No more hopping away from the top screen when you select a page.  The page comes up
\par     in the available to space on the right 
\par * Includes previously hidden entries (check out the barbarian leader...)
\par * Will easily integrate with almost all existing mods
\par * Can disable animations if desired
\par 
\par * Vovan's Unit Upgrade Chart: Will automatically produce upgrade chart for units, even when modded!
\par * Progor's Unit Promotion Chart: Will automatically produce promotion chart, even when modded!
\par * Fitchn's Civilopedia Index: A simple alphabetical index to everything in the Civilopedia, works in all five languages.
\par 
\par 
\par Installation
\par ---------------------
\par Unpack the archive into a temporary directory. Copy the Sevopedia 2.2 folder into your desired folder. You can use either of the following folders:
\par Civ4\\Warlords\\Mods
\par My Docs\\My Games\\Civ4\\Warlords\\Mods
\par 
\par You can also copy only the contents of the Assets folder into:
\par My Docs\\My Games\\Civ4\\Warlords\\CustomAssets
\par 
\par 
\par Options
\par ---------------------
\par PEDIA_SHOW_ANIMATIONS:
\par Per requests, I have included a way to disable the animations on the civilopedia screens.  It will disable the unit, building, resource, and improvement animations; the leaderhead animation will stay.  It's easy. By default the animations are left on.

\par 
\par PEDIA_SHOW_CIV_NAME_FOR_UNIQUE:
\par Shows civilization names for unique units and buildings in subcategory lists. This is not appropriate for some mods, so it can be disabled.
\par 
\par PEDIA_SHOW_GRAPHICAL_ONLY:
\par If enabled, Barbarian Leader, Minor Civ, Lead by Warlord, etc. are hidden from Sevopedia. Disabled by default. Requested by Naze.
\par 
\par PEDIA_SKIP_BLANK_PAGE:
\par If enabled, the first subcategory will automatically be displayed when clicking on a main category link. Disabled by default. Requested by Impaler[WrG].
\par 
\par PEDIA_HIDE_IDENTICAL:
\par This will hide any units from the Sevopedia whose text key is the same as the default unit for its class. Great for mods like Ethnically Diverse Units. Disabled by default.
\par 
\par 
\par Advanced
\par ---------------------
\par 
\par <bGraphicalOnly> XML tags
\par It is possible to add additional graphical only items using the <bGraphic
alOnly> XML tag. These will be filtered from the Sevopedia if PEDIA_SHOW_GRAPHICAL_ONLY option is set to 1. I have provided only the sample schema for Civ4UnitSchema.xml. You will have to write the schemas for any other info types yourself.
\par 
\par Custom filter options.
\par From CvPediaScreen.isFiltered(), it is relatively easy for you to use the graphical only and hide identical filter options as templates to start writing your own custom filter options. This may be useful if you wanted to, for example, hide all 
the animals. This will require some basic knowledge of python to accomplish.
\par 
\par 
\par Version Info
\par ---------------------
\par 2.2 (by Gaurav)
\par \tab -- New Option: Show Civ Names For Unique (Enabled by Default)
\par \tab -- New Option: Skip Blank Page (Disabled by Default)
\par \tab -- New Option: Show Graphical Only (Disabled by Default)
\par \tab -- New Option: Hide Identical (Disabled by Default)
\par \tab -- All options enabled / disabled from CvGlobalDefinesAlt.xml
\par \tab    Python editing no longer required just to set options.
\par \tab -- Incorporated "Replaced by Mod" by TheLopez, but rewritten in Python.
\par \tab    No DLL required to have this feature.
\par \tab -- Better support for mods which set default units/buildings to NONE.
\par \tab    Unique units and buildings will still be identified as such.
\par \tab -- Civilization screen layout redesign to accomodate more unique units/buildings.
\par \tab -- Era type shown on tech page.
\par \tab -- Wonder class (World Wonder, Team Wonder, National Wonder) identified on Wonders page.
\par \tab -- Miscellaneous layout improvements.
\par \tab -- Support for <bGraphicalOnly> xml tag to hide arbitrary entries.
\par \tab    Sample Civ4UnitSchema.xml provided, all other schemas would have to be written.
\par \tab -- Python hook to add new custom filter options.
\par 
\par 2.1a (by Gaurav) -- Fix for promotion graph so that the new prerequisite types in Warlords to be displayed correctly.
\par 
\par 2.1 (by Gaurav) -- Compatible with Warlords 2.08
\par \tab -- Based on Progor's 2.03 version.
\par \tab -- Included all changes made by Ket in his forked version.
\par \tab -- Upgraded to include all Warlords 2.08 upgrades
\par \tab -- Upgraded to include all Warlords 2.00 upgrades (Ket did not do this).
\par \tab -- Fixed bugs related to redrawing subcategory list.
\par \tab -- Fixed bugs related to scrolling.
\par \tab -- Fixed missing text keys.
\par \tab -- Got leaderhead animations working again.
\par \tab -- Added icon to top of unit category table.
\par \tab -- Various improvements to tech page based on Roamty's Techwindow.
\par \tab -- Miscellaneous layout improvements.
\par \tab 
\par 
\par [Forked version] (by Ket) -- Updated version 1.93 for Warlords compatibility
\par 
\par Note: Progor did not use these version numbers. I use these version numbers to keep them straight myself.
\par 2.03 (by Progor) -- Removed dependency to DiGraph library.
\par 2.02 (by Progor) -- Included Air Unit Fix (by Gaurav)
\par 2.01 (by Progor) -- Fixed issues with updating categories.
\par \tab -- Added Fitchn's Civilopedia index.
\par 2.0 (by Progor) -- Improved unit upgrades graph.
\par \tab -- Added unit promotions graph.
\par 
\par 1.93 -- Fixed error on text page. (Thanks Impaler, Exavier!)
\par \tab Fixed Promotion Scroll problem
\par 1.92 -- Added History directly to Units Page
\par 1.91 -- Fixed minor Enum error in CvPediaMain.py
\par 1.9 -- Fixed in-game load error
\par \tab --Unit Chart now allows jump-to unit
\par 1.8 -- Compatible with cIV 1.52
\par \tab -- Upgraded to include all vanilla 1.52 page upgrades
\par \tab -- Added icons to sub-list
\par \tab -- Added group icons to main list and re-ordered
\par \tab -- Included Vovan's Unit Upgrades Chart
\par \tab -- Fixed Selection errors; fixed re-load 'pedia errors
\par 1.2 -- Allowed for disabling of animations in pedia screens
\par 1.1 -- Fixed 1st item select bug, ? fixed history select bug
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15611205 {\insrsid5581081\charrsid15611205 1.0 -- Original release
\par }}