{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff2\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f56\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f59\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f60\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid11617618 Normal,Novel;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \styrsid2644286 Plain Text;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid135229\rsid141999\rsid273750\rsid542667\rsid549779\rsid1192158\rsid1202940\rsid1247292\rsid1579268\rsid1726740\rsid1790659
\rsid1798564\rsid1966315\rsid1994484\rsid2109823\rsid2127620\rsid2306836\rsid2367385\rsid2371831\rsid2455584\rsid2644286\rsid2688429\rsid2774052\rsid2782089\rsid3152527\rsid3213093\rsid4015379\rsid4136671\rsid4159303\rsid4208046\rsid4327766\rsid4349095
\rsid4471342\rsid4874874\rsid5000279\rsid5002009\rsid5048752\rsid5073841\rsid5585585\rsid5727375\rsid5768968\rsid6116487\rsid6234893\rsid6426989\rsid6642826\rsid6647471\rsid6689701\rsid6693428\rsid7097550\rsid7212419\rsid7485455\rsid7799147\rsid8269964
\rsid8471271\rsid8550744\rsid8551708\rsid8786455\rsid8798920\rsid8814367\rsid8862942\rsid8870466\rsid9061567\rsid9062631\rsid9206839\rsid9324406\rsid9395900\rsid9444432\rsid9728680\rsid9852816\rsid9909632\rsid10176395\rsid10183318\rsid10507584
\rsid10552703\rsid10577744\rsid10618782\rsid10646979\rsid10683254\rsid10749128\rsid10751752\rsid10822639\rsid10842813\rsid11093556\rsid11095528\rsid11293400\rsid11617618\rsid11627727\rsid11804595\rsid11935191\rsid11939495\rsid12125856\rsid12192923
\rsid12198220\rsid12207859\rsid12259113\rsid12353323\rsid12391184\rsid12412327\rsid12466344\rsid12531481\rsid12549016\rsid12651269\rsid12787627\rsid12872221\rsid12916848\rsid12985723\rsid13061002\rsid13065324\rsid13191939\rsid13264512\rsid13324639
\rsid13399671\rsid13452083\rsid13713261\rsid13722915\rsid13795074\rsid13835557\rsid13985022\rsid14384028\rsid14419709\rsid14446183\rsid14492185\rsid14566063\rsid14746306\rsid14778229\rsid14819990\rsid14829546\rsid15233807\rsid15297729\rsid15364110
\rsid15410779\rsid15419969\rsid15496541\rsid15537642\rsid15555210\rsid15671483\rsid15674821\rsid16087804\rsid16195645\rsid16275899\rsid16323512\rsid16416676\rsid16597962\rsid16653495\rsid16712970\rsid16713483}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6754;}{\info
{\title Specialist Stacker Mod v0}{\author Jason}{\operator Jason}{\creatim\yr2007\mo8\dy17\hr19\min47}{\revtim\yr2007\mo9\dy3\hr22\min38}{\version3}{\edmins7}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords755}{\nofchars4310}{\nofcharsws5055}{\vern16391}}\margl1319\margr1319 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1319\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot1726740 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid2644286\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10749128 \f2\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\i\fs32\insrsid8786455\charrsid10749128 Specialist Stacker Mod v0.8.1w
\par }{\insrsid10749128 b}{\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 y: }{\b\insrsid8786455\charrsid10749128 TheLopez}{\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10749128 {\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 
\par Patch Compatibility: }{\insrsid10749128 Beyond The Sword.  Tested up to ver. 3.02}{\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 
\par MP Compatible: ?
\par 
\par 
\par Description:
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10749128 {\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 This mod "stacks" the specialized citizens, super specialized citizens and angry}{\insrsid10749128  }{
\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 citizens instead of displaying them side-by-side. It also makes use of the space to the left of the specialized citizens by allowing them to span into two columns instead o
f just one. This will allow for more than the vanilla six specialized citizens to exist in the game.}{\insrsid8786455 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10749128 {\insrsid10749128\charrsid2644286 
\par }{\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 
\par Installation Instructions:
\par 
\par 1) Unzip this into the "warlords_install_folder\\Mods\\" folder. 
\par 2) Open the CivilizationIV.ini configuration file
\par 3) Change the Mod line to read: Mod = Mods\\Specialist Stacker
\par 4) Load the game. 
\par 5) Then play as normal. 
\par 
\par 
\par -----Notes to Modmakers-----
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10749128 {\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 I have modified the CvMainInterface.py and Dr Elmer Jiggle's CvConfigParser.py 
file. I have added #< STACKER START > and #< STACKER END > in all of the places that I have made changes to the files. }{\insrsid8786455 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10749128 {\insrsid10749128\charrsid2644286 
\par }{\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 As of version v0.6.1 the Specialist Stacker configuration options have been moved}{\insrsid10749128  }{\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 to the "Specialist Stacker Config.ini" file. There are 11 variables that can be 
used to configure the stacker}{\insrsid10749128  s}{\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 ettings and are well documented in the INI file. Please note that you no longer need to copy the "Specialist Stacker Config.ini"}{\insrsid10749128  }{
\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 file to the "civ4_install_folder\\Mods\\" directory. Just make sure that you put}{\insrsid10749128  }{\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 a copy of the "Specialist Stacker Config.ini" in your directory and you update}{
\insrsid10749128  }{\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 the modName variable in the CvModName.py file with your mod's name.}{\insrsid10749128  }{\insrsid8786455 
\par }{\insrsid10749128\charrsid2644286 
\par }{\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 I highly recommend that you use Dr Elmer Jiggle's INI parser if you want to allow players to configure your mod through INI files.}{\insrsid8786455 
\par }{\insrsid8786455\charrsid2644286 
\par If you use this mod, all I ask is that you give me credit.
\par 
\par 
\par -----Version Information-----
\par 
\par -----v0.8.xw------
\par 
\par - Updated to be compatible with Warlords v2.0.8.0 patch.
\par 
\par - Readded in the missing functionality that displays the total additions from 
\par   each type of specialist and the total from all of the specialists together. 
\par   Reported by Zuul.
\par 
\par -----v0.7w------
\par 
\par - Updated all code to be compatible with Warlords v2.0.0.0
\par 
\par 
\par -----v0.7------
\par 
\par - Updated all code to be compatible with the v1.61 patch!
\par 
\par 
\par -----v0.6.2------
\par 
\par - Updated the mod to use the latest version Dr Elmer Jiggle's INI parser code.
\par 
\par 
\par -----v0.6.1------
\par 
\par - Updated Dr Elmer Jiggle's to look in the "civ4_install_folder\\Mods\\<ActiveModName>" 
\par   directory. The <ActiveModName> is retrieved from the modName variable in the 
\par   CvModName.py file. With these changes the mod component configuration INI files 
\par   will no longer need to live in the "civ4_install_folder\\Mods\\" directory. 
\par 
\par -----v0.6------
\par 
\par - Integrated Dr Elmer Jiggle's INI parser code and created the INI file 
\par   containing all of the possible values that can be used to configure the
\par   features in the mod
\par 
\par - Updated Dr Elmer Jiggle's to look in the "civ4_install_folder\\Mods\\"
\par   and "<userDir>\\Mods\\" directories. Also added and tested a fix provided 
\par   Dr Elmer Jiggle fixing the default INI values bug.
\par 
\par 
\par -----v0.5------
\par 
\par - Added the coded needed to make angry citizens stack including a variable 
\par   allowing to turn the angry citizens stacking feature on and off. It is 
\par   turned off by default.
\par 
\par - Added a variable to allow specifing distance between the angry citizens 
\par   stacked specialists 
\par 
\par - Added a variable to specify if all angry citizens specialists should be 
\par   displayed or not.
\par 
\par - Added a variable to specify if angry citizens should be dynamically spaced 
\par   or not
\par 
\par 
\par -----v0.4------
\par 
\par - Added a "Specialists" label and background above the specialists
\par 
\par - Added the coded needed to make super specialists stack including a variable
\par   allowing to turn the super specialists stacking feature on and off. It is 
\par   turned off by default.
\par 
\par - Added a variable to allow specifing distance between the super stacked 
\par   specialists 
\par 
\par - Added a variable to specify if all super specialists should be displayed or 
\par   not.
\par 
\par - Added a variable to specify if specialists should be dynamically spaced or
\par   not
\par 
\par 
\par -----v0.3------
\par 
\par - Added code to make specialized citizen span two columns instead of one
\par 
\par - Added a variable allowing to turn on and off the highlighting of forced
\par   specialized citizens
\par 
\par - Added a variable to allow specifing distance between the stacked specialists 
\par 
\par -----v0.2------
\par 
\par - Updated code to make specialists stack from right to left
\par 
\par - Started cleaning up code to allow reuse in other mods.
\par 
\par 
\par -----v0.1------
\par 
\par - Setup Specialist Stacker infrastructure
\par 
\par - Isolated code responsible for displaying and updating specialists
\par 
\par 
\par -----To Do-----
\par 
\par - Modularize the code even more to allow specification of columns of
\par   specialized citizens
\par 
\par 
\par -----===Credits & Thanks===-----
\par 
\par - Exavier 
\par \tab Composite Mod - readme.txt format
\par 
\par 
\par - Snaitf
\par \tab For starting the changes needed to make this mod component happen.
\par 
\par - Chalid
\par \tab For providing the suggestion that super specialists should stack
\par \tab like the regular specialists
\par 
\par - Dr Elmer Jiggle 
\par \tab For providing the INI file parser code allowing for players to 
\par \tab customize this mod without having to touch the python code!!!
\par }}